9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvone Man with David
Ingles.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top stories today, stocks across the
Asia Pacific down half of 1% as you can
see in the benchmark of tensions between
US and Europe over Greenland sapping
risk appetite. Gold and silver at record
highs.
>> Investors now awaiting the EU's response
to President Trump's tariff threats.
Germany trying to convince France to
avoid using the block's most powerful
economic
>> weapon. Also ahead, Chinese Vice Premier
He Lifeng set to meet with global CEOs
at the World Economic Forum in Davos as
businesses seek to boost ties with
Beijing.
>> And Japanese bonds under pressure once
again ahead of an auction of 20-year
debt on the government's plan to cut a
food sales tax.
We start the show with some breaking
news when it comes to the LPR's loan
prime rates out of China. Well, banks
are just saying that both the one-year
and the five-year unchanged at the
moment. So, 3% for the one-year, 3 and
1/2% on the five-year. This, of course,
is the one that is tied to the mortgage
mortgages of China. But, certainly we
weren't expecting any sort of change
here on this front. But, certainly a
given what we've been seeing the
property market concerns, I think we've
we're hearing more economists chime in
and say they needed to do something
when it comes to stimulus on that front.
But, right now, unchanged at the moment.
But, really all I still turn to Davos
and what we're hearing when it comes to
Greenland.
>> Yeah, the fireworks came early ahead of,
of course, the big one, which is, of
course, the US president midweek. But,
ahead of that, of course, lots of
jostling taking place. And hence, we are
seeing when you look at markets today,
largely most assets are on offer. And
we'll get to the precious metals in a
moment because again, silver last we
checked is up
uh 5%. As you can see, so the Cosby
actually opened higher for the day and
we thought at that point we're up 13
days. As you can see, we're pairing back
about 1% and if we do close at about
these levels, it would be the first time
in 2026. We've actually had a close we
would have a closing day in Korea but uh
well, the the night is young and uh so
are most of us. Uh 9/10 of 1% Nikkei 225
to the downside. Uh so, we now have a
date
on the elections and on the table will
be a a potential uh cutting of the sales
tax and what that means for and I think
we probably showed you this earlier on
as well. Let's flash the screen, please
flip the page and the 40-year JGB now
has a specific handle highest since
2007.
Bottom of your screen 4% there. We
talked about silver 6% the dollar is
let's call it trading sideways after
really one of the steepest drops on the
BBDXY going back a couple of weeks.
Dollar yen was above 158. We're now
touch below that. So, stronger in the
Japanese currency. A glance at what
happened overnight uh China proxies in
the US you had obviously the
conversations around
is the nationalist team stepping back
its support. In fact, might be doing the
opposite as far as offloading some ETFs
are concerned and what that means really
for broader efforts to maybe cool what
was up until a few days ago an
overheated rally. 1.2% on the specific
CSI 300 ETF overnight. Golden Dragon
Index down about 1% Baba among them tech
stocks in play and watch today. And I
think we are on a three-day slump on
China. Thank you so much. And yeah,
among many things. So, at 69570 that
would put the offshore exchange rate at
the lowest since May of 2023. If you
recall this time yesterday the the
midpoint out of the PBOC was
barely a hair above the seven handle.
We'll see given the dollar drop since
this time yesterday what the fix is
going to be and what that really signals
over uh the currency given the levels
we're at right now in the exchange rate.
>> Yeah, so we have seen a series of steps
now to try to cool down this China
equity market, whether it's from, you
know, margin financing. You talk about
high frequency traders right now. And
now that you're seeing maybe perhaps
signs of the national team also hold,
you know, selling some of their holdings
here. You know, you got to wonder, you
know, are these measures going to work
in terms of taming this rally and and or
could things actually backfire like what
we saw back in 2015 as well.
>> Yeah, uh it's a good problem to have.
>> Yeah, certainly.
>> It's we're we're really on the other
side of of that operation, but certainly
yes. I mean, when you look at
geopolitics and the news flow out there,
they probably don't have to do a lot as
far as sapping risk appetite is
concerned. We'll get to the havens in a
moment because we talked about Greenland
tensions in Germany. The finance
minister, I believe, saying it is a red
line that we're now at. But just very
quickly, of course, on the Japanese side
of things, the so I mean, we have a BOJ
decision this week, don't we?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, uh
and
>> Haven't even begun to talk about that.
>> Yeah, it
I mean, they're not expected to do
anything. I think it's keeping the
optionality open of when they are
probably going to need to raise interest
rates without giving it away.
That is just to say, of course, the the
story in the bond markets today and
we'll have Jenny Dung later on to talk
us through what the implications are for
40-year JGB at 4% and whether or not
that is value on the table. But this new
information, of course, of the sales tax
perhaps being taken off the table. But
yeah, back back back back to Greenland
and why we're in the red really.
>> Yeah, we've heard from some voices in
Davos already. We'll we'll bring you
some of those, you know, sound bites
very quickly. But we're hearing from the
European leaders, of course, reacting to
President Trump's terror threat over
Greenland. Let's take a listen.
>> We are constantly experiencing new
provocations. We are constantly
experiencing new antagonism, which
President Trump is seeking and we
Europeans must make it clear that the
limit has been reached.
>> Blackmail between allies of 250 years.
Blackmail between friends is obviously
unacceptable. To my knowledge, this is
the first time that an economic
instrument, tariffs, which you know we
don't think very highly of, has been
used for geopolitical reasons.
>> Alliances endure
because they're built on respect and
partnership,
not pressure.
That is why I said the use of tariffs
against allies
is completely wrong.
>> Let's bring in our team. John Farr is
our senior executive editor for APAC.
Also want to bring in Stephen Engle, our
chief North Asia correspondent, uh to
talk a bit more about the China angle on
all this. But John, you welcome to of
course Hong Kong and perfect timing to
talk have you on the show about the
pushback that we're seeing from Europe
when it comes to these the threats of of
tariffs from President Trump. How how
unified do you think it is at the
moment?
>> think they're united in shock uh that
Trump has sort of put Greenland on the
table like this. But I think if you if
you parse the comments that sort of a
bit that you you do see splits and
divisions in terms of how to react to
this. So we we heard from finance
ministers of Germany
uh and France yesterday talking about
red lines, talking about blackmail, etc.
And Macron was talking about reaching
into the European Union's toolkit in
terms of
uh you know, trade uh measures they can
take against the US. But then on the
other side, you have people like
Friedrich Merz, the German Chancellor,
you have Keir Starmer sort of trying to
slow the trying to slow things down a
little bit. I think, you know, the
calculus is Trump has
backed down from things before.
Uh the calculus is is that Europe has
done sort of done okay on Ukraine, that
at least they've kept sort of Trump in
the conversation around uh backing
Ukraine, whereas you know, if nine nine
or 10 months ago, it looked like he
would totally pull back from that. So,
but I do think they're split. They don't
really know exactly what to do here.
This is unprecedented.
Um the European Union does not act
quickly.
Uh and we're going to see it'll be
interesting in next step I think is to
sort of wait for the emergency summit of
EU leaders that's been called for
Thursday.
>> Uh Steve, how does this line up for the
Chinese side, the delegation? Not just
from the government, but of course you
have a whole cohort of business
executives.
>> Yeah, I think the Chinese leadership has
been fairly quiet and muted on on the
ramifications of what's happening uh
between the EU and the United States as
regards to Greenland, but that doesn't
mean that they're going to try and take
advantage of the rift, obviously. Uh
we've seen
what uh Vice Premier Ding Xuexiang last
year at Davos. We had Li Qiang, the
premier, at Davos the year before that,
and also Liu He the year before that.
And they've all meet behind closed doors
in uh invite-only uh with CEOs, world
leaders, uh and this time maybe even a
little bit more pressing uh
as He Lifeng, the Vice Premier and and
also the one really in charge of those
negotiations with the United States on
the trade front, uh to sort of court the
EU a little bit more like what we saw as
well with Mark Carney, uh the Canadian
Prime Minister last week go to Beijing,
uh strike a new strategic partnership
with Beijing calling it a new world
order, uh going to be importing uh
49,000 EVs in an about-face, a complete
reversal of the policies on EVs where of
Justin Trudeau of 100% tariffs. So, I
think there's going to be a little bit
of uh rolling out the red carpet and the
similar narrative from Beijing is we are
open for business, we are champions of a
free market economy globally, and that's
going to continue because we're also
going to have Keir Starmer scheduled to
go to uh Beijing in the coming days if
not weeks if they can resolve this
issue. Uh today I think is the deadline,
the issue for the big mega Chinese
embassy in London, but that's a side
note. But also, Friedrich Merz, the
German Chancellor, is heading to Beijing
as well. The red carpet and the
opportunities are going to be rolled out
there.
>> Yeah, John, maybe you could tell us
There is that whole taco sort of trade
that you know I think that the market
reaction we did see a sell-off but it's
not like people are hitting the panic
button just yet.
>> Yeah what are the economic implications
of all this for one thing? Obviously
given the fact that you know the Germans
are very heavily dependent on exports
here. They might not be willing to kind
of use the the bazooka as you mentioned
here as well. But you there is a a hit
to growth potential that we need to talk
about too if we do see these tariffs
play out.
>> Well yeah so I think Blue Ridge
Economics estimates that the hit to
European EU exports to the US would be
50% if these tariffs if the full sort of
scope of these tariffs 25% comes
through. So there's that and then
there's also just the general ongoing
grinding uncertainty about where the EU
where trade relations if you're a
European businessman and you could say
this if you're an executive anywhere in
the world what is this actually going to
look like in like a year's time two
years' time three years' time and that
sort of hit to uncertainty impacts on
investment decisions it impacts on all
kinds of you know future looking
you know investment opportunities that
you that you might be thinking about. So
there's like the real term tangible
short term impact of 25% an extra 25% in
tariffs and then there's just the sort
of lingering uncertainty
over business sentiment.
>> You know Steve this revolving door of
policies the delta which the the policy
outlook is changing in the US how has
that opened the door for global
executives going looking at China
looking to strike quietly deals at the
top.
>> Or not so quietly that I was there in
China when Mark Carney did his
deals as I just talked about. He was not
quiet about it at all. Of course Canada
has taken it on the chin from Donald
Trump and Carney's sort of pushing back
quite strongly as evidenced by this deal
in Beijing. But again Beijing
really sort of papered over the deep
fissures in the domestic economy by
boosting exports. They've been able to
do that. 6.1% growth in exports Uh, and
this perhaps dispute between the United
States and Europe is sort of buys Xi
Jinping some time to get the structural
problems,
you know, addressed.
But again, I don't think Beijing really
wants to see any kind of military
conflict. The shockwaves would
reverberate around global trade
and that would definitely impact Beijing
and its its reliance right now given the
domestic consumption story economy is so
weak. They would absolutely need to
continue to see export growth. Any kind
of military action globally, whether
it's Greenland, Iran,
or elsewhere is going to hurt the
Chinese economy. So, they have to play
this very delicately. Surely they're
going to be continuing to court those
from Europe.
The Global Times is weighing in on this.
>> Oh, yeah. There's an article this
morning on that.
>> And the headline essentially says
Europe's biggest problem is perhaps an
inability to distinguish friends from
adversaries. So, that is going to be
kind of the wedge I think He Lifeng is
going to He's a He's a negotiator. He's
a He's a friendly, more affable face of
Beijing. He'll do it. He'll use that
wedge,
but in a in a softer way.
>> Fantastic. Thank you so much. John,
thank you. Steve, thank you so much. By
the way, for Bloomberg clients, you can
check out I think from about
mid-afternoon Asia time today, we have a
lot more on our coverage in Davos. Of
course, here live in Davos is a function
you run and we get started in a couple
of hours or so. Stay tuned for more of
that coming through as well. Coming up
here on the show.
>> going to hear from JP Morgan Asset
Management. They believe that China is
well positioned to lead this year's AI
evolution, but really take away Korea
and the like, they certainly have a lot
of conviction in that market as well.
Plus, his top conviction calls around
the region is up next. We're counting on
the open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and Hong Kong. We're seeing futures here
right now this morning. Looks to be
heading lower here as we start to see
the risk-off sort of trades filter
through here in the Asia Pacific here.
Another day of sell-off it looks like
here or flat at least right now. This is
the China show.
>> Almost there, but not quite. So, you
have three zeros on the back of this
decimal point on the fix. So, we we're
not just there just yet, but effectively
we are trading well, the fix is at the
strongest level since about 2023 mid.
And the exchange rate is also at about
that level, May 2023 levels on on dollar
offshore. Flat to slightly lower on
futures going into the open today.
>> Maybe we'll see another, you know,
tomorrow they'll they'll do set
something below seven. Um
but but certainly it it at this point
it's just very just psychological at
this point. Um you take a look at in
terms of your agenda here today. Uh some
key briefings to kind of watch out for.
There's there's an NDRC one and a
finance ministry briefing. Um one's at
10, one's at 3. So, we'll bring you the
latest ones they come through. Um but
you know, anything to do with policy in
terms of, you know, stimulus and the
like is certainly going to be key sort
of things that investors are going to be
watching out for. Metals and miners we
talk about silver once again hitting
another uh record here as well. Uh Hong
Kong listed Korea ETFs just given what
we've been seeing when it comes to, you
know, Korea has kind of been dancing to
its own tune up until maybe today. Um
and really continue on the with this
rally that we saw last year. Um the
national team, right? So, this might be
the next sort of signs of of policy
makers really wanting to cool down this
equity rally in China here right now. Uh
in terms of deals and the like here
we're we're watching potentially here
China Tourism Group, the duty free to
buy the DFS stores in Hong Kong, Macau.
Uh there's been some uh Pop Mart as
well. Buybacks are the last one to watch
as well. And that yuan fix as we talked
about just now, Dave.
>> Yeah, lots on deck today amidst really
uh
given the I think the news flow out
there, it's it's really been
uh
quite surprising to see how risk assets
have actually held up, right? You look
at Korea, for example, which I think up
until today has yet to close lower uh
for the year. China's done okay as well.
I think we're up 3 days and down 3 days
for MSCI China, but I think when you
look at H stack, that's really continued
to uh to outperform. Joining us here to
talk us through well, to get us started
with the market dialogue today,
Alexander Treves, JP Morgan Asset
Management's Head of Investment
Specialists for APAC Equities. Good
morning. Very nice to see you. Happy New
Year.
>> Morning. Happy New Year.
>> What So, Chinese markets, what's top of
mind? What's the first thing that comes
to mind when someone brings it up?
>> Well, the first thing which comes to
mind right now is the balance of GDP
growth.
Because China's achieving the sort of
the broad GDP growth number that they
want, the really interesting thing is
the composition of that. And if we think
back, the story for China is meant to be
this shift over time away from China
being the workshop of the world to being
a domestic innovator with its own
domestic markets. And the innovation
piece is working. The consumer, much
less so at the moment. And so, quite a
lot of the driver of growth out of China
has been exports. Now, people tend to
think about exports in terms of what
China sells to the US, and that has come
off for reasons that we all understand.
But China's done an outstanding job of
repositioning its export sector to other
markets. And so, what we would like to
see actually is the consumer recovering
recovering their vigor.
>> Yeah.
>> And and and the economy being more
domestically driven.
>> Yeah, and and the equity market is still
quite divorced from fundamentals, it
seems, because it seems like it's AI and
>> non-cyclical
>> that are really kind of carrying this
equity rally here. Can it continue to do
so without massive stimulus?
>> Well, I would respectfully disagree with
the equity market being divorced from
fundamentals. If we think back a couple
of years, we had this slightly bizarre
narrative about China being
uninvestable, which was always nonsense,
but it did mean a lot of people weren't
looking at the market. So, China's rise
has been partly The equity market's rise
has been partly just a recovery from an
oversold position. Which is justifiable.
That's a good thing. Now, within the
market, there are certainly some areas
of strength, and it's uh maybe a little
bit narrower than we would like. The AI
thing is interesting because partly that
feeds into global AI, which is one
conversation. Partly it feeds into
domestic AI in China, and the
self-sufficiency stories are totally
different narrative.
>> So, what are the best
let's call it
tactical opportunities in in the Chinese
market now?
>> Well, you know that I'm going to tell
you always to be a long-run investor.
But, you know, having having said that
>> impatient though.
>> Having said that, clearly we've got the
tech self-sufficiency story, and that's
not going to go away anytime soon. We've
also got idiosyncratic stocks in export
markets, and China's able to carry on
growing its export share of a whole
range of goods which people don't sort
of typically think about. And then of
course we've also got a bunch of things
like, you know, within the internet
space we've got some very, very serious
business models there. The slight
question being can they get over price
competition and use things like AI to
drive their own cost base and revenues,
etc.
>> interest are you getting from foreign
investors for this market? When I look
at the rest of the region where seems
like there are better, safer places out
there when I look at Japan fiscal
stimulus. I look at Korea, which
continues to kind of fire
this rally. Is the China sort of story
still
attractive to a lot of foreign investors
out there?
>> Absolutely. So, we get I mean we get
various streams of interest, and it
depends slightly how clients are
positioned. But, the overall narrative
is a lot more interest in Asia as a
region, partly as they want to diversify
out of the West and the US in
particular.
>> Is is the risk then based on how that
was phrased if the dollar strengthens,
what happens? What happens to
Asia? This long Asia trade.
>> a weaker dollar is undoubtedly good for
Asia.
Um and what's so interesting right now
is that typically in a period of higher
risk, higher volatility, higher
uncertainty, that results in dollar
strength. Now, that only works of course
when the US isn't itself the originator
of the uncertainty, and I think a bunch
of us would agree that some of the
policy pronouncements are causing people
to sort of just say, "Well, do we need
to diversify a little bit more out of
their existing US dollar holdings or
their US holdings. And the US market is
very widely held already. So, in terms
of who the marginal buyer is, that's not
entirely clear to me. Whereas lots of
people can buy Asia at the margin.
>> Alexander Jites will be staying with us,
of course. Last one to talk about with
him. He's been J.P. Morgan Asset
Management. Uh just staying with us
here. Uh a glance at the JGB market and
you'll probably see one of rising yield
environment today. In fact, quite
substantially, seven basis points in the
10. About the same with the 40-year
yield, which is now at 4% for the first
That's a nominal uh level of course for
the first time since 2000 uh and seven
on that uh Feb 8th. Mark your calendars
now. Those are the much Don't you early
clearly flagged uh elections coming up,
but certainly the markets already uh
positioned around uh that. The new thing
though is we need to talk about the
sales tax and what that means, of
course, for fiscal discipline.
>> think that's what's really sending long
end yields a bit higher here. They've
you know, she's officially the PM uh
called for that election on February
8th. And also here, of course, we have
that 20-year JGB sale that's happening
later on today as well. We've got plenty
more to come. Pre-market in Hong Kong
looking like this here right now.
Slightly flat.
Slightly lower. This is Bloomberg.
Hang Seng pre-market uh we mentioned has
been flat, but there has been some
interesting moves here so far when it
comes to China duty free units. So, they
might buy a DFS uh Hong Kong as well as
Macau assets as well. Uh we're watching
very closely what happens with New World
Development here. The shares basically
uh saw a surge on Monday amid support
from possibly that the company's parent
may boost its support for the developer
here. And PopMart, there you go. Seeing
a pop here today. Uh they're buying back
some stock uh some shares, I should say.
First big buyback since 2024.
>> Yeah. And nothing to uh mysterious about
that one. Uh 5% to the upside. Also,
nothing to
quite understandable. The move you're
going to see next is this is down to
precious metals, of course. I think 95
is where we're trading on silver. Gold
is ever so slightly flat. Side to the
upside, 93, I'm sorry. We were at 95,
and then we were at 89, and we're back
to 93, which I guess also tells you a
lot about this.
UBP's joining us, by the way, at the top
of the next hour, and they have a I
think they've revised higher their call
on silver. Still below the current
levels, but we'll we'll see what they
say about the especially the ratio as
well going into today. Right, I in case
you missed it, the loan prime rates were
out, one in five unchanged there, and we
are going into the open today on a
three-day losing streak on MSCI China.
The turnover onshore did again top 2
trillion RMB. That was That was on
Monday. Going into the open today, 2/10
of 1%. Baba was down 3/4% overnight, and
of course the other conversation, which
we'll get into in more detail next, is
really what the national team based on
flows data
around the ETFs have been doing or not
doing
given the
broad acceptance that is maybe a they're
trying to cool the slow bull market.
That and more, plus the open
just ahead.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. So, lots on deck as far as the
this this the the the complex moving
multi-aspect conversation around
Greenland and Davos and stronger
language coming through from the French.
If you look at the German finance
minister calling what the US has done
we're now at a red line.
But it's still a very fluid situation
and of course the divisions within
Europe going into the speech from Donald
Trump at this point.
>> German Chancellor seemed to have much I
guess a bit more conciliatory tone than
what the Finns men had to say really
just saying that they are still trying
to work on that. They're trying to you
know at least calm the French at least
that are talking about these
anti-coercion instruments here the
bazooka. So so can we see cooler heads
prevail here and really there is this
assumption that maybe Trump was just
doing this for some sort of deal, right?
That maybe he will back out. So markets
did panic obviously you saw the European
session was hit hard. When you see some
of the sectors that were exposed to the
US your luxury cars alike that did take
a hit, but it's not like it was a panic
selling.
Euro was also actually up during our
Asian session. So certainly there is
some cooler heads in this market as well
and you actually are seeing you know is
Asia that safer play here and you're
seeing that slightly when it comes to
Chinese markets here onshore. And we're
still seeing some green, but we're we're
calling it flat. You talk about what
we've seen when it comes to the national
team. We'll get Rebecca Sin from
Bloomberg Intelligence to tell us a bit
more about what we've been seeing here
and what the national team has been
doing in terms of their holdings, but
certainly right now the get-go it's low
conviction, but yes it seems like things
are relatively speaking looking a bit
more calm onshore. Obviously the big
really rally we've seen it has been in
some of the small caps as well which
actually have outperformed the likes of
the Shanghai Composite as well the CSI
300 so far this year. Take a look at
what it comes to Hong Kong. Obviously
there's been some talk about you know
these briefings and what what we could
see and whether there's some sort of
kind of forward-looking sort of message
that comes through from regulators as
well as the finance ministry here today.
Those briefings are set to hold here one
of the top of the hour. So we'll bring
you the latest once we get that. HS Tech
though is slightly on offer. You take a
look at how Baidu is looking. We're down
some 3.6%. That might be the what the
bigger drags here, but Alibaba Tencent
both in the red here this morning. That
fix from the PBOC basically was just
flat at seven uh now, but given the
dollar moves the weakness that we've
seen, we are seeing a bit more strength
in the currency at 695 levels here this
morning. But, the property sector looks
pretty good. I think the New World sort
of story yesterday was quite
interesting. We saw quite a massive uh
move in the stock there yesterday on
signs that maybe the company's parent is
finally going to help out.
>> but, in terms of what we're watching in
in in in stock moves, Pop Mart is one
thing. Last week, there was all this
kind of concerns about labor
exploitation. There was this BBC report.
This time around, potentially now a
buyback. Now, it's also saying that the
first buyback is in 2024. That's really
kind of lifted the stock here up close
to 8% here right now. And Morgan Stanley
is saying, "Yeah, a potential catalyst
here."
>> It's uh it's it's it's a positive for
shares. Uh the national team also in
focus given, I think, our research out
of Friday. We'll get to that in a
moment. Uh well, let me take it two
steps back, right? You know, a few days
before that, the regulators came out and
raised the the ratio on margin
financing, number one. Uh and of course,
just
broader efforts to maybe stem what,
according to Morgan Stanley, I think
Laura Wang joined us a few days ago,
right? In their mind, I think as early
as the first week of the year, there
were already signs that the market was
overheating, right? So, they were coming
in to cool the market. And one of the
things that we looked at here, which
we'll get to very, very shortly, is that
maybe the national team's taking a step
back from these ETFs uh that they did
use, of course, to support the market.
Now that the market's doing well, maybe
it's the opposite. In fact, have a look
at the chart and how that looks, right?
Outflows
out of China ETFs. We have data on this.
And as you can see, visually
on the right side of your screen, that's
quite telling from a flows point of
view. Um and yes, in fact, let's talk
more about this, exactly what we're
seeing. And joining us here on set is
Rebecca Sin, our Bloomberg Intelligence
analyst, on how much has the national
team actually sold. That's the question.
>> So, on Thursday, they sold a record $10
billion worth of ETFs. And on Friday,
$15 billion. And so, you may recall that
last year, mainland China surpassed
Japan in terms of assets under
management, and now China is number one
in terms of assets under management
across Asia Pacific. They have roughly
900 billion assets under management, and
last year they bought roughly 200
billion in ETFs, mainly a lot from
national team. A lot of that flow was
national team, so they bought ETFs at a
record speed. And now they may sell at a
record speed. And so if you look across
2 days, uh roughly $25 billion worth of
ETFs has been sold. And as you saw in
the fund flows chart, this is a record
number.
>> So if they were to continue at this
pace, how long would it take?
>> It would only take them 16 days to sell.
And so if you look at where we are right
now, they could sell all of their ETFs
holding right before Chinese New Year.
And so we don't think that that's a
coincidence. Um as you said earlier, the
market has been overheating. And on
Thursday they only sold in the tech
sector, so mainly the STAR 50. And if we
look at where the STAR 50 is versus the
CSI 300, STAR 50 is up almost 12% a
little bit more than that year-to-date.
And so oftentimes they use ETF as a sign
to cool the market or to support the
market. And so last year they were using
ETFs to support the market, to prop up
the market. And now they may be using
ETFs to show the so show investors that
it may be time to cool off. And we think
that strategically they picked the tech
tech index first. Tech is ultimately one
of the highest sectors across China, um
but ultimately a lot of their they don't
want retail investors to pour so much
money into it. And so they're using it
as a sign to say, "Look, we want to cool
it down. We're slightly worried that it
might be overheating, and so we've
started to sell into this."
>> B- before we talk about the landscape
across the ETF market in China, Hong
Kong, can I just ask
do we know what they did yesterday? Did
they On Monday, did they sell? Do we
have data on that just yet?
>> data is coming in right now this
morning, so we should know about
lunchtime. But we expect that they may
continue selling, uh mainly because uh
they they've ultimately used ETFs to to
show indication to the market of what
they want to do. And so that's why based
on our estimate, they've never sold this
quickly. And if we look across all other
markets, Bank of Japan has started
selling ETFs as well. But as you may
recall, they amassed ETFs over 13 years
and they now own more than 80% of the
market. But at the rate that Bank of
Japan said they're going to sell, it's
going to take them more than 100 years.
So if you compare China Japan, it's
going to take them more than 100 years
and China, 16 days. That's a record
number and so that's just how quickly
they can move.
>> Okay. Um
just to split the difference there, I
want to ask you about Korea because
Korea has a very big representation, the
Korea theme in Hong Kong, right? You
have a lot of leveraged ETFs, inverse
and otherwise and you know, you have
Samsung for example. How have you been
tracking the data there because that's
really been a
>> Yeah, so we just
>> for for retail investors.
>> Of course. Korea's ultimately one of the
best performing, if not the best
performing sector in 2025. Uh we had the
KOSPI up 75% um in terms of performance.
Of course, ETF did really well really
well. Because of that, South Korea's
ETFs assets under management has
surpassed Australia, making South Korea
fourth in the region now. And so if we
look at the Hong Kong market
specifically, CSOP launched the leverage
inverse SK Hynix ETF last year and
they've seen record inflows into this.
Because Korea has performed so well, in
year-to-date Korea KOSPI's up I think
more than 10%. And so a lot of people
felt like they missed out last year and
that, you know, now's still an
opportunity. So a lot of people are
using the leverage and inverse ETFs to
express views because ultimately Korea
has done so well, they want to get
double, triple um the inverse. But in
Hong Kong, we don't have triple, we only
have double. And so SK Hynix is one of
the good indicators that we've seen a
lot of flows going into this.
>> All right, Rebecca, thank you.
>> Rebecca Sun there from Bloomberg
Intelligence, really tracking how our
flows are in the ETF market and really
how the landscape has changed. Uh 16
days, that's all it takes
for the national team to sell. Um still
with us is Alexander Treves, JP Morgan
Asset Management's head of investment
specialist for APAC equities. Uh
Rebecca talked about how hot Korea has
been. I mean, near 80% gains last year.
How do I position this year around Korea
now?
>> Well, look, remember that Korea rose
vertically, vertiginously, whatever the
word is, off a very, very low base.
Um and Korea has always been cheap. For
the 29 years I've been looking at it,
Korea has looked cheap, generally, for a
reason. Because returns are quite low.
Now, various things came together last
year. First was the AI tech hardware
supply chain and the way that spilled
over into commoditized memory more
broadly. You've got the whole diver um
the defense story and the plays around
there. And then you've got value up and
corporate governance and what that means
for fair valuations. Anytime a market
goes up as much as that, it's entirely
possible that you will see a pause for
breath at some point. And if there was a
period of consolidation, that'd be
entirely natural. But as long as those
fundamentals keep improving, as long as
you see, again, robust AI supply um
demand growth, as long as you see,
crucially, the value up program
persisting and ROE going up, then over
time the market should carry on
improving.
>> It's How would you describe valuations
right now? Because it's always been
cheap, and you could argue it's simply I
wouldn't say cheap but what it reverted
to mean, because it's been cheap as a
uh in its previous life it was cheap. Do
you think the market's re-rated enough
that we should value Korea a lot more
now in terms of how we should attach
multiples to this index moving forward?
>> So, what you need to see is you need to
see ROE continuing to go up. And as long
as ROE approaches the levels that you
see elsewhere in the region, then price
to book will also carry on going up. So,
that's really what you want to see. Um
you know, at the moment, Korea doesn't
look expensive to us. But the the the
valuation could move around from here.
But what we really want to see is that
sort of structural longer-term
improvement. And we're still waiting for
some of that to come through.
>> Where are you seeing that value up
program
being pronounced or at least being
reflected in Are there particular
sectors where you're seeing, you know,
balance sheets are being optimized,
they're selling and non-core assets,
they're unlocking value, you know, are
there particular areas and pockets of
this market that are you're seeing that
more meaningfully now?
>> Sure. Well, so the banks have stood out,
for example, for for some of that. And
then, to some extent, the chaebol,
you've seen um
some sort of clearing of of of the
corporate structures there.
But ideally we'd see it spreading across
the entire market. The the big tech
hardware companies, they've kind of got
their own dynamic at the moment. We're
also looking to see just how they pay
out dividends, buy back shares over
time, etc. How they reinvest their
capital.
>> This, you know, this
the these various value programs have
somewhat taken a backseat in terms of
just attention because of AI, right? And
I wonder whether that's the unspoken,
that's the underappreciated
theme that investors should be looking
at. Because you mentioned Korea has it,
Japan has it to some extent, China has
it with their SOEs, and I think parts of
Southeast Asia also are embarking on
their own efforts to to not prop up the
markets, but just sort of governance
reforms.
>> Sure. I mean, corporate governance is
just about companies looking after their
minority equity investors by generating
higher returns and and behaving
sensibly. And we're never going to
complain about that. And as you say,
we're seeing this increasingly through
the region. So, Japan to some extent led
the way. Korea is catching up at the
moment. In China, we'll really need to
see what happens as growth reaccelerates
and how companies choose to reinvest in
growth versus maybe buying back stock or
paying dividends or whatever. And then
in Southeast Asia, Singapore stands out
for the quality of corporate governance.
We've got the equity market development
program there and the measures the
government is taking to try to increase
liquidity, get more issuance, and
broaden investor interest into mid and
small cap stocks, which is something
we're very interested in.
>> I mean, there's a lot of I guess
optimism around Japan here once again,
just given that there's a new prime
minister, she seems to be very Abe-like.
Um
the equity market seems to really kind
of be reflecting this, but can they
continue to rally given
how weak the yen is is getting right
now? Is it is that correlation still a
good thing? Weaker currency, stronger
>> To some extent. I mean, the yen
weakening in and of itself doesn't
doesn't undermine the story for Japan
given how large a
a a part of the market comes from
exports is. But of course we we want to
see Japan moving beyond that towards a
lot more of the you know the domestic
plays and the the tech uplift plays and
all of that sort of thing.
Maybe the real question around the
currency is at what point weakness would
signal some broader issue. And it's
slightly mystifying why it is as as weak
as it has been. But we think the
underlying story for a lot of the
companies continues to get better.
>> Um so we I think one of the risks that
you flagged in a previous segment was if
the dollar strengthened. That's one risk
to watch. The other one I'm looking at
that's been flagged as a major
geopolitical
event.
>> We've seen a lot.
>> Well we've seen a lot and I was going to
say that given the the new normal of and
optionality around sovereignty as a good
example, what would constitute in
today's terms a major geopolitical event
that disrupts markets?
>> Well most geopolitical news flow feeds
through the market fairly quickly. It
dominates headlines for a couple of days
or for a week and then investors forget
about it and move on to the next thing.
And equity markets are going to digest
that and it's not a problem.
Um every so often there's a an event
which takes things beyond that. Um
and I think it's something you should
never rule out. So maybe the answer to
that is you diversify, you make sure
that you're buying high quality assets,
all the sorts of things that we know
about. And I think that putting more
money into Asia, which I would say is
relatively insulated from quite a lot of
the geopolitics right now, would not be
a bad way of handling that.
>> All right, fantastic. Um Alexander
Treves, thank you so much, sir. Uh head
of investment specialists for Asia
Pacific equities at JP Morgan Asset
Management. Just ahead, we'll get the
outlook uh just maybe continuing the
theme that we just finished there.
Precious metals and the rates markets,
particularly the
uh the former there amid these fresh
uh geopolitical stories coming through
as well. UBP and Allianz will be joining
us in the next hour. Much more ahead
here on The China Show.
>> It's too early to say what exactly the
impact of
new trade tensions is.
But we know that
when we have more uncertainty,
bad for business, bad for household. The
best
way forward,
find a path to agreement.
And that is going to be good for
everybody, everywhere.
>> IMF Managing Director Kristalina
Georgieva there speaking to Bloomberg at
the World Economic Forum in Davos. We
also spoke by the way with Franklin
Templeton CEO Jenny Johnson who
discussed investing amidst everything
that's going on.
>> Volatility is opportunity for active
managers, right? And and so, you know,
in the Look, this administration has
shown us that there are surprises around
the corner.
And so, you have to position your
portfolio. You know, Franklin Templeton,
we have clients in 160 countries. We're
going to celebrate 80 years next year.
We've been through a lot of
administrations. Our job is to make sure
our clients have their investment
portfolio that is really diversified so
that they can actually take these kind
of short-term shocks. And if you do it
right, you can get through it.
And I think it you know, in the case of
uh President Trump, look, think about
what the markets did after liberation
day. It you know, we were all like, "Oh
my gosh." And you know what? We came out
pretty okay on the tariffs. China, it
was going to be 100%, right? The markets
reacted to that. A little less.
You got through that. I think we'll get
through this latest uh uh
>> Is this because the because the US
economy is resilient? Or I mean, the
world economy is resilient or
>> Well, it's both that and I believe me, I
think AI, we haven't even begun to see
the impact of AI on individual
companies. I think the next really
exciting thing is the companies within
sectors that actually get it right. They
will take They will take off leaving the
others behind in that sector. And so,
right now it's been the picks and
shovels that have really been the the
ones that have gotten the evaluation
advantages. It's going to be those
companies that it takes time for them to
figure it out. So, that of course is is
part of the volatility. I think the
other thing is
>> This Jenny, is it productivity that they
work on or just in general like spending
in you know to upgrade their systems?
>> And I It's going to be hugely
transformative in the productivity. And
And by the way, you actually have seen
in the US companies for a decade
productivity was running at about 1%.
We're now closer to 2%. It's massive,
which is why I also think you've seen
not so many jobs created and yet
companies growing because we're we're
we're getting There're 157
million people working in the United
States. We've had a 1% productivity.
That's 1.5 million less people that you
need for the same kind of growth. And
so, definitely AI productivity and I
don't think that's in the numbers yet. I
think that the productivity gains are
from the technologies that have been
kind of the last decade, cloud
servicing, other things, digitalization.
Uh so, the AI it's going to take time
and there's going to be winners and
losers in it, but the pace of it is so
dramatic, faster than even I thought it
would be.
>> That was Jenny Johnson there, the
Franklin Templeton CEO speaking with
Bloomberg's Francine Lacqua in Dallas.
Just happening right now, just some live
pictures out of Hanoi where we are
hearing from uh the Communist Party
chief Atol Lam there uh is you know,
he's just delivering his sort of
address. Uh really kind of talking about
you know, the the vision for the next 5
years. And And when he talks about the
growth target, they reiterated it's
going to be 10% for 2026 and 2030.
And we're watching very closely here,
you know, what else he says in this
National Congress. Uh but really kind of
talking about uh foreign relations,
Needs to boost foreign relations as well
as security. This Congress coming at a
pretty crucial time for the country.
They're negotiating, of course, a tariff
deal with the US. They're also trying to
balance relations with China as well.
So, this is an opportunity for Lam to
really solidify the changes he's pursued
as party chief.
>> Yeah. Uh so, we'll have more from what's
happening on the ground. We'll bring you
guys more updates. This one has, of
course, just begun and just started. Uh
live go is for our Bloomberg terminals
if you want to continue to watch what's
happening there in Hanoi specifically
and a bit later on in the show, of
course, we'll have more from what's
happening on the ground there. So, of
course, check that out. l i v e go on
your Bloomberg terminals.
Let's uh talk about Edu Tech. That's a
Chinese medical device uh medical data
intelligence platform. Uh well, the
company says Beijing's supportive
regulatory
stance uh and market size are actually
boosting the development of AI in
healthcare. So, the founder and chair uh
Gong Yingying spoke with us at Davos
about the Deep Seek impact on the the
specific sector.
>> Last year, when I was in Davos, uh there
was the Deep Seek moment. And uh before
the Deep Seek moment,
uh Edu was actually building our own
healthcare foundational model. And at
the time, we actually thought it is
going to take us another 3 years,
billions of RMB investments, so we can
use our own foundational model to create
Dr. Co-pilot.
And uh and uh but luckily, we had our
Deep Seek moment. And this year, we've
been so busy deploying and you know,
Deep Seek, Qianwen, together with our
knowledge graph, and uh and also our own
health care model. And and one use case
we have is the doctor's agent. So, we we
provided the AI agent factory to the
hospital. And then we create agents for
the we use the top top hospitals
doctors. And now that you know, just
after a year, some of the hospitals more
than 50% of the doctors will be very
very comfortable to have three to five
agents working for them. Some does tumor
staging, some does patient education,
some does sorting out their disease data
set, you know, doing timelines, and
sorting out the EMR records for very
long NCD diseases patients.
>> We're seeing the health tech space in
China really booming. What's behind
that? Is it regulation? I mean, how are
regulations versus the US?
>> Um so, in China, I think there's a you
know, we have been very lucky that we
have a very very big market. When we
have a E-Doo launch our products, and we
go to the our clients hospitals in
Beijing, and they look at our product,
and they probably don't like it. But
then we we take this the same product,
and say, "Okay, maybe we'll sell it to
Chongqing." And then if we get very
lucky that the Chongqing hospital don't
like it. Okay, we'll go to Shenzhen. And
someone would like them. And say, "Okay,
maybe let's modify. Let's work
together." And then we change our
products, and then, you know, and then
we are able to sell to the entire
country.
>> regulatory environment supportive
>> Yes, very supportive. They've a lot the
government has launched
a lot of policies supporting AI plus,
and health care is a one very big
sector. And also we have a aging
population problem. And and also 2030
healthy together policy. So, those
policies
encouraging entrepreneurs to to to to do
business.
>> And that was the Yudo Tech founder and
chair lady Gong Yingying speaking in
Dallas with Has. We just have some
breaking lines coming through when it
comes to Japanese local media. So, Kyoto
is now reporting some numbers when it
comes to Chinese visitors to Japan fell
45% year-on-year
last month. I guess that's not a
surprise just given the fact that you
have seen that spat between China and
Japan. Tourism obviously has been
impacted by that. But yeah, still pretty
staggering number there 45% lower.
>> And it's even more surprising given how
incentivized
>> to go to Japan.
>> Yes, and the currency actually one of
the conversations around the
>> weak Yeah,
>> the weak currency against the yuan,
right? It might actually So, the last
time they I think the Chinese yuan was
the strong against Japanese currency.
They revalued China revalued the yuan
back I think in 2015 2016 if I memory
serves me correct. But not that that's
on the table right now, but we are at
that extreme of course of incentives to
go into in into Japan.
But yes, 45% Bloomberg head. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session. So, of course session lows here
right now. We're down about half of 1%.
We are expected to see this NDRC
briefing that's happening at this hour
in Beijing. So, we'll bring you the
latest news if we get any
what the policy is sort of agendas
looking like here today as well.
But moving forward, I mean it is a bit
foggy, I would say. I think when it
comes to
>> weather or the general outlook?
>> I don't know. I That's what I was going
to say. I was going to tie it into kind
of how people are looking at all this
geopolitical uncertainty, whether it's
with Greenland. Uh, certainly you have
seen the Europeans overnight uh,
speaking, and there has been some
pushback, but I guess there is some
split in terms of really what's the next
response uh, to really counter these
threats from President Donald Trump uh,
when on talk of EU tariffs. So, so there
is that sort of risk off sort of feel
that you're seeing in most markets here
today. Uh, precious
metals though, that continues to fire on
all cylinders here. So, we'll be talking
uh, to Peter Kinsella there really
closely from UBP about what this all
means and whether it is still able to
chase this rally. Um, but yes, the
markets are are looking a little bit
more kind of the same from yesterday,
too, right? Risk off, dollar weaker, and
the like.
>> Yeah, and precious metals, right? That's
what we're talking about there. You
know, we're losing track of where silver
is on any on any on any given market
check, right? So, if you're keeping
track, we usually do a market check
every 30 minutes.
Um, and from one to the other, we go
from 88 to 93 to 96 on silver, back to
the 89. Um, I'm I'm even afraid to look
at where it is right now, which I guess
I'll force I'll be forced to do in a
moment. So, there's that part of the
story. I just very quickly at the just
speaking of geopolitics, right? A few
minutes ago, we got a reminder what that
looks like tangibly from an economic
standpoint out of um, out of Japan with
Kyodo News. We'll talk about that part
in a moment. Kyodo News reminding us
this 45% drop in tourism arrivals into
Japan
>> Yeah.
>> uh, from mainland China December. I
think the last read was 3% gain in
November. That's according to one of
this one of the one of the official data
sets, which I'll get to in a moment, but
45% is quite deep. Uh, dollar
uh, off CNH/JPY to be more specific
coming up on your screens
uh, now is that's a reminder of two
things, right? One is how weak the yen
has gotten. Not just against the dollar.
We focus on the dollar, I get that.
But, let me somewhat correct myself from
earlier on. On an absolute level, this
is nowhere near This is much higher than
2015 levels. The delta though in seeing
it JPY going into 2015 was what um
some analysis pointed to
um that then leading to one of the
factors leading into that uh
August 2015
uh devaluation somewhat devaluation of
the Chinese currency. Not that we're
there just now, but
it certainly uh brings up intervention
risk certainly now more from the
Japanese side. Uh dollar Indonesia Yes,
here we go. Okay.
>> you go. There's There's it it's a
breaking news now. We're basically hit
record lows
uh for the rupiah here. We're trading
just below that 17,000 level here. So,
this is on the report that we saw,
right? That the Indonesian President
Prabowo is nominating his nephew to join
the Central Bank's Board of Governors.
So, uh the likes of Pepperstone has kind
of reacted to saying, you know, this
this does in some way risk blurring the
lines between fiscal and monetary policy
further. So, uh of course, Central Bank
independence is in question there. Uh
but yes, uh optics-wise may not look too
good, they say, when it comes to
Indonesia.
>> Yeah, we've taken out the previous high
on on dollar Indonesia at 16,957.
We're now at 985. Something to watch
Southeast Asia, of course, Vietnam will
continue to track that this hour given,
of course, what's taking place in Hanoi.
Um but yes, it's really all about the
geopolitics and governments and
Davos tensions and the I think the point
you were all was making, right? So, will
Europe come up with a unified stand? And
what the what the pushback looks like?
Certainly on rhetoric, it it does seem
the firmest we've seen so far, but it's
it's also who you ask in Europe.
>> United shock, as John Fire very nicely
said, but split when it comes to the
response overall. But, it's interesting,
right? You talk about the market impact.
I mean, European investors are what?
They hold $10 trillion dollars US
assets. So, we go to the uh treasuries,
you're talking about bonds as well. I
think they're the largest holder of of
of US treasuries, uh and larger than the
likes of China and Japan combined,
right? You have the likes of Deutsche
Bank talking about this weaponization of
capital. Obviously, that's an extreme
scenario of whether they can actually uh
if they will actually sell uh US assets
in the face of of geopolitics, but
certainly there is uh maybe a bit more
incentive now to maybe hold off on
really adding more dollar assets at the
moment, too.
>> Yeah, and it it's also a question, I
guess, to your point that the market has
traded on this in the form of
when you look at defense stocks in
Europe, for example, right? And we I
think as a whole that cohort of European
equities, I think I'm not sure
specifically what the technical
indicator is, but it's the most
overbought in years. And I think one of
our stories actually has that chart for
you. Just underscores this broader, more
predictable theme.
>> Mhm.
>> Um a theme that perhaps is here to stay,
and hence this move into into precious
metals. It seems to be another aspect of
that. Uh and we are hearing, of course,
we have heard to the point we were
making from European leaders reacting to
President Trump's tariff threat over
Greenland. Have have have a look.
>> We are constantly experiencing new
provocations. We are constantly
experiencing new antagonism, which
President Trump is seeking, and we
Europeans must make it clear that the
limit has been reached.
>> Blackmail between allies of 250 years.
Blackmail between friends is obviously
unacceptable. To my knowledge, this is
the first time that an economic
instrument, tariffs, which you know we
don't think very highly of, has been
used for geopolitical reasons.
>> Alliances endure
because they're built on respect and
partnership,
not pressure.
That is why I said the use of tariffs
against allies
is completely wrong.
>> We do not want this escalation. We do
not want a trade dispute with the United
States of America. But if we are
confronted with tariffs that we consider
inappropriate, then we are in a position
to respond. And that is precisely what
we will be discussing in Brussels on
Thursday.
>> Okay, you today currency markets
stronger dollar slightly. That's from
the cut up of course 25 to 2026. That's
the absolute level of course you want to
pay attention to dollar China lowest
there as since May of 2023. We are just
getting further lines coming through
here out of the Japanese that they are
continuing to track these currency moves
with a high sense of urgency.
If they track silver, they would have
perhaps have
even greater sense of urgency if not
beyond that line. So silver this year is
up 32%. So that is not that is not
normal. Right, when you look at
something like this and we're barely
into
into January. Joining us here in set to
talk us through FX and commodities and
what do we do with silver? If you
haven't got any, if you own it, do you
add more? Do you reduce? Joining us here
in set Peter Kinsella global head of FX
strategy and head of investment services
UK at UBP. Good morning, very nice to
see you.
What a time to be alive with silver
prices 32%? What do I do with that
information, sir?
>> Well, you don't buy it at current
levels. That's for sure.
I think you'd want to be pretty insane
to buy silver given you know 50 60%
rally since you know literally two or
three months ago. But more so when you
look at the volatility profile implied
volatility 65 nearly probably 70%.
So if you're buying at current levels
what's already an all time high from
many many years on top of that ball
profile, you got to be very brave to do
so.
I think the fact that we saw the US the
section 232 report last week not move to
to implement an export tariff on silver
is it is it pretty big deal.
And certainly what we've seen in recent
months big huge increase in US
stockpiles. It it's it strikes me now
that those stockpiles are likely to flow
elsewhere.
In part, that's reducing global leasing
rates somewhat. And I think that
certainly the narrative about a you know
a significant shortage in physical
silver and probably doesn't stack up
when when you do the maths on it. So,
we're at a at the moment where clarity
silver is beating to gold is kicked in
in a very big way. I think it's more of
a re-rating story for for silver, but to
go much higher from current levels,
you'd basically have to assume that the
gold silver ratio goes to like 40 or 30,
you know, which is you know stupidly
low.
From a historical level of you know
historical averages of roughly 65,
right? So,
>> On the ratio.
>> Yeah, correct.
So, if we see for example gold, you
know, continuing on a modest up up
upward swing towards say $5,000 per
ounce by the end of the year, and you
assume a modest increase in the gold
silver ratio, it gives you silver
roughly current levels by year-end,
right? So, I really struggle to buy
silver at current levels.
>> But but gold you say could still be a
buy.
>> Oh, for sure. No question about that.
>> Okay. Why?
>> Well, look what what you if you think of
what we've seen in the first 3 weeks of
the year, right? A kidnapping of the
Venezuelan president, mouth threats
about Greenland and cetera. We're we've
entered an era of I would say very clear
resource nationalism between the major
powers. We're seeing that explicitly in
Venezuela, next up in Greenland. And
what it tells you is that this
geopolitical theme can move at any time
and you know currencies are not
necessarily the best way to play it. The
best way to play it is through precious
metals exposure and hence there's
definitely upward scope for gold.
>> Mhm. The
some of the gold bears, the counter
argument has always been even at given
the price appreciation we've seen is
it's it's a non-yielding asset. Does
that matter to you at all?
>> Um it's not really in the sense that I
suspect what we're seeing at present as
well. If you look at sort of debt
deficits, you know, you can buy you know
some long longer dated bonds anywhere in
the world, but the question is will you
be repaid, right? So, you might get the
yield in the short term, but do you
necessarily get repaid your principal?
Because let's face it, we are in an era
of astonishingly high levels of debt,
particularly for developed market
currencies or developed markets.
And so, gold does offer a
you know, a decent hedge on that. And I
I suspect that the narrative in gold
this year will shift towards one of
portfolio diversification both for
institutional and for retail investors.
So, wait.
>> Okay. Um
the non-shiny parts of of like the metal
space, right? I mean, if I if I look at
tin or look at copper for example, those
are still I mean
are the sort of the fundamentals and and
what you're seeing in the technicals? Is
that the same sort of thing that you're
seeing in precious metals or
>> I'd say slightly different, Yvonne. Um I
think certainly in copper the you know,
the long-term story for copper is very
is very clear. We've massive
electrification demands, you know,
around the world. You've got limited and
and I would say declining supply. It's
kind of a one-way trade over the longer
term. Um you could ask some some
you know, analysts will say it's a bit
overboard, it's a bit overdone at
current levels, but I think the issue
this year is that unlike in 2024,
China's not really going to be able to
sit this one out, right? They're going
to have to buy.
And it basically says to me that over
over the coming year, we're likely to
see copper trading higher. Um I've I've
no doubt about that. It's definitely a
buy on dips. If I saw towards, you know,
12,500 per ton, I'm buying there.
>> Okay. The
there's certainly a an
an FX overlay here when the debasement
trade
uh coupled with this sort of just to
borrow the sovereignty analogy, this
grab for real assets, right? And in this
case, of course, markets looking at
commodities, whether that's industrial
precious metals.
What does that tell us about near-term
direction of the dollar given the year
it had and longer term, how do I need to
be thinking about dollars as a store of
value?
>> Okay. I think if if we look at the
dollar, we've had roughly a 10 12%
depreciation since sort of January of
last year. So, year on year, we're we're
lower in the dollar index by about 10
12%. And that's from what was a
multi-decade peak. So, the dollar still
screens as being extremely overvalued,
uh you know, on on any metric you look
at.
We know that the Fed continues to cut
rates. We've still got this ongoing sort
of twin deficit in the US, you know, in
excess of 10% of GDP.
Historically, when the US current
account deficit has been larger than 4%
of GDP in the middle of a rate-cutting
cycle, it does tend to weigh on the
dollar.
And finally, you've got a US
administration which itself wants to
have a weaker dollar, and they're
actively moving in that direction. So,
um I suspect that once we have some
clarity about what's happening on the
geopolitical front vis-à-vis Greenland,
the attention then will turn back to,
"Okay, what are we doing vis-à-vis the
dollar, global monetary, um you know,
setup, etc." And that's where we're
going to be in the the second half of
the year.
>> The The reaction on the euro was quite
interesting on the Greenland sort of
headlines, right? It actually rebounded,
um
and actually became stronger. Is that Is
that more of a dollar problem, you
think, that than a euro one in this
whole situation?
>> I think the issue really is that, you
know, the euro is is a current account
surplus currency, right? And so, that
which by definition means that during
periods of extreme risk aversion or
capital repatriation, it tends to
appreciate, right? Um and this is
obviously a US and Eurocentric issue. Um
I think that's probably far too early to
say what the the effects of this is
going to be in terms of market impact,
etc.
I think Trump's the Trump administration
are rather silly in how they're
approaching this discussion with this
kind of megaphone diplomacy. It's very
rarely successful. And they're also
giving the Europeans very little room
for for maneuver, right? So, they're you
know, it's it's like like in China, as
you know, this the concept of saving
face is super important. And um in that
in that context, look, I I think that
the Europeans have to react. We'll see
they're trying to tone it down. We'll
see what happens at Davos this week. But
overall, I think that um the the
negotiation style they're using could be
a lot more intelligent in the States.
It's It doesn't strike me that it's
conducive to getting a good outcome.
>> You know, people are trying to figure
out how firm Europe will get. I think
you bring up a very good point that it
is a current account surplus currency,
which means
it you know, they are I guess in some
ways beholden to trading partners,
right? So, whether that's Germany maybe
looking to be on the softer side because
of its
the US is an export market. So, is China
as well. That That Do Does the economics
Trump the geopolitics in the end? Do you
think Trump will get likely what he
wants just because of
just the the econo- the reality of the
economics underground?
>> I think that's Well, that's what we did
see last year, right? When when Trump
moved on the on the first round of
tariffs against the Europeans, they
rolled over. And it was quite
interesting because the European
Commission apparently was ready to
retaliate with pretty severe sanctions
or sorry sorry pretty severe tariffs.
However, the the country heads
themselves kind of said, "No, look,
we'll accept the deal on offer." So, it
does appear to me that last year the the
economics Trump the politics of it.
>> Yeah.
>> This is a slightly different issue. This
is more one around sovereignty and and
you know, and I think in in that case I
I can't see how they can roll over so
easily this time around.
>> You haven't talked about the yen yet. I
have to ask you before you go.
I mean, we're approaching 160. Is that
going to be the line in the sand, you
think, for any sort of intervention?
>> You would You would think it would be.
Um
I think the issue really on on any
intervention for it to be successful,
it's got to happen in the context of a
weaker or weakening dollar, right? Um
And what we've seen in the previous
years when they've kind of intervened,
they would kind of fortunate, I would
say, when they intervened and the dollar
weakened a little bit afterwards. Um the
issue this time around, I suspect for
the BOJ, is that the the level of
interest rates they're gradually getting
it higher, but they're not doing it at a
speed which is enough to really shift
the dial for investors, right?
>> Yeah.
>> And that's why you can see if you That's
why dollar yen is trading way above
levels which are kind of which would be
implied by the two-year or the 10-year
swap spread, right? Um so, the yen is
astonishingly cheap. We all get that. Um
the question is what's the idiosyncratic
catalyst to see it much stronger. And in
the absence of inter an intervention, I
struggle to see what it is. I think it a
lower dol- dollar-yen story is really a
dollar story at this point, right? Um
and that that's kind of how it strikes
me.
>> Peter, it's great to have you with us.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you, Peter Kinsella there, global
head of FX strategy and head of
investment services, UK at UBP. Coming
up, Vietnam holds a high-stakes
political gathering as the ruling
Communist Party picks new leadership
amid tariff negotiations with the US.
The latest from Hanoi next. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Right, welcome back. We're looking at
Vietnam. The equity market is coming
online half of 1%. A little bit of
strength coming through there in the
equity markets. Flat to slightly softer
there on the dong, as you can see. Well,
stronger on the exchange rate, at least.
Uh mixed as far as the sort of the big
stocks are concerned. Uh there's a
political exercise that's taking place.
In fact, let's let's get more on that.
>> Yeah, this new growth model. They're
also aiming for 10% growth. That's some
of the the headlines that have been
crossing so far this morning. And let's
get more, of course, on this National
Congress and To Lam's address with our
Hanoi bureau chief, Francesca Stevens.
Francesca, it's good to see you. Walk us
through what's really happening this
week.
>> Thanks. Yeah, well, as you say, party
chief To Lam has been at the podium and
has just wrapped up speaking at the
opening ceremony for the National
Congress taking place in Hanoi.
He's been talking about the need to form
a new model for growth and also sees
room for faster and sustainable growth.
And he's also reiterated the target of
at least 10% growth for this and the
next few years. Um he's also touched on
the need to boost foreign relations,
defense, and security. So, at this
Congress, he's aiming to secure a full
5-year term in the top job and may also
be put forward for the presidency, which
would be a rare group on the top two
levers levers of power and would
represent a major political victory for
Lam if he does manage to secure that.
Well, over the next few days, just under
1,600 party members will vote for the
Central Committee, which in turn will
select the Politburo and from that the
general secretary. They'll also then
make nominations for the top government
positions. That's the prime minister,
the presidency, etc. So, we'll find out
who has secured the party chief position
later this week and it will be a big
surprise if it's not Lam. What's less
clear at this stage is if he will also
secure the nomination for the
presidency. So,
we'll not find this out, we think, until
after the the congress when the
Politburo meets for the first time. But,
in Vietnam anything anything can happen,
so things can change at very short
notice.
>> Yeah, that absolutely. Francesca, beyond
the short-term, yeah, let's say even
just beyond the next day, the next few
hours, uh
what what is To Lam trying to achieve?
>> Yeah, look, To Lam's made a name as a
big reformer in the roughly 18 months
he's been in the top job since the death
of the former party chief. He's pushed
through some of the biggest reforms in
40 years, slashing the size of the
bureaucracy, shrinking the number of
provinces by half, and cutting a whole
tier of local government, putting
thousands of bureaucrats out of jobs.
So, this will be a chance for him to
secure the backing for his mandate and
keep on that reform path. Delegates are
also expected to sign off on a new
five-year plan. It's a one-party state
here, so we don't expect there will be
much divergence from the current
policies, but we will be looking closely
at the language when it comes to the
private sector and state-owned sector
and what that signals
for spurring growth. The congress comes
at a crucial time for Vietnam, which is
still negotiating its tariff deal with
the US while also balancing relations
with China. So, we'll also be looking
out for signs of foreign policy shifts.
Plenty to watch this week as it unfolds.
It runs through to Sunday, but we could
get an announcement as early as
Saturday.
>> Francesca, thank you. Francesca Stevens
there, our Vietnam Bureau Chief joining
us out of Hanoi, of course, as of course
his party or national congress is
underway. We also have a press briefing
out of China that is underway here as
well. This is the NDRC briefing. This is
the first of two to look out for today.
So, what we're hearing from the NDRC
Deputy Head, Wan Jianming, he's talking
about addressing bottlenecks through
innovation. So, once again, there is
this sort of, you know, leaning towards
high-end manufacturing. They'd like to
really kind of help with the the economy
and also to make a strategic plan to
expand demand from 2026 to 2030
as well. I mean, those are the only
headlines really crossing so far, Dave,
but what do you make of it so far?
>> Yeah, well, it it certainly is
consistent with
the you know, the the broader objective
of trying to get consumption up.
And technology is being central to
increasing the output, right? So, we
really need to see, of course, more
details from this, but that it's just to
see, of course, that this is just the
beginning of the
of this next five-year plan and
certainly we'll keep on top of this.
Markets maybe just doing the opposite.
That's maybe down to other things more
than what's happening specifically in
Beijing at the moment. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back. Here are some top
corporate stories we are tracking. A lot
of moves in the Chinese corporate space.
They have NetEase Cloud Music says it
has struck a deal to distribute
Universal Music Group's global
recordings across its streaming services
and affiliated digital products. Now,
the catalog includes Chinese and
international artists that are signed
and distributed by UMG labels. Now, the
agreement also includes artist-centric
provisions and terms covering AI.
Now, Point 72 Asset Management has
signed a deal to take more space for its
upcoming office in a skyscraper in Hong
Kong Central District. Our sources say
the US hedge fund firm is now taking
85,000 square feet across seven floors.
Up the Henderson. Now, despite growing
demand, of course, for Hong Kong's
high-end commercial buildings, CBRE uh
still expects the city's office rents to
drop 3% this year.
Now, Bloomberg has learned that Tencent
and Fidelity International are Temasek
as well here are planning to invest in
the Hong Kong IPO of Chinese snack
retailer Busy Ming. Now, we're told
they're poised to be cornerstone
investors in an offering that could
raise as much as $500 million US
dollars.
Uh Busy Ming, still hard to say that, uh
is planning to start taking investor
orders as soon as Tuesday. Okay, the
Busy Ming.
It doesn't quite roll off your
>> You're busy
You're busy You're busy day.
>> I'm busy day.
>> No one gets that. That's his nickname,
Kay, by the way.
>> Such an internal joke.
>> All right, we're watching markets so
>> bees though.
>> Yes, definitely busy bees and it looks
like right now when it comes to uh yeah,
the tech stocks are selling off just a
drag. A little bit here just given what
we've been seeing with Greenland the
like so still seeing a bit of flare of
risk off here across these markets here
as we continue to track what happens in
Europe and Greenland. Uh we have plenty
more coming up. This is Bloomberg.
>> to the people in Japan, as the Prime
Minister, today I have decided to
dissolve the House of Representatives on
23rd January. After dissolving the House
of Representatives on 23rd January, the
campaigning will start on 27th January
followed by the general election which
will be held on February 8th. I plan to
hold election immediately as such. I
myself am staking my career as Prime
Minister.
>> Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi there of
Japan setting a date for of course those
snap elections as she seeks to
strengthen her mandate and secure a
lower house majority for her ruling
coalition. But yeah, mark the date,
February 8th has now been confirmed. In
terms of Japanese markets, we continue
to see the selling off of the long end
of the yield curve here. We take a look
at what it comes to the 10-year. We're
off about six basis points to the upside
there. There's a 20-year JGB auction as
well. So we'll see against this
environment what demand looks like if
any when it comes to long end JGBs and
dollar yen, we're we're we're still sort
of on the weaker side, but of course the
dollar moves of late have at least
re-stabilized the currency at 158 levels
here right now. But yes,
depending where you look at the in the
curve, we continue to see a melt up.
>> Yeah, so that's 10 all the way to the
40-year. For the first time since 2007,
we have a 4% handle on the 40-year.
The auction today, I'm looking for the
headline here, 800 billion
yen is is is an offer today. So with the
exchange rate at one, let's call it 160,
that's about
5 billion dollars worth roughly, just
over 5 billion.
Into in dollar terms. But yes, keep an
eye on that, that should be out details
out in the next hour or so. Okay, is
there a good value
in the JGB markets given the melt up in
yields and at these levels? To help us
answer that, Jenny Dong, fixed income
CIO at Allianz GI is here with us of
course and said happy new year very nice
to see you.
>> Happy new year.
>> Would you be a buyer of JGBs?
>> Well, it looks like emerging market,
isn't it? Everything is a selling off.
When it sells off, it doesn't behave as
OECD countries. So, that's an
interesting part. I think when we when
we look at a JGB, the interest it's
probably one of the anomalies that the
market we're we're seeing right now.
>> Okay.
>> Cuz if you think about it, yeah, if you
think about it, the Japan has a
structural deflation for decades. Right?
And then they suffer from a lack of
domestic investment
for a very long time.
From a Takaichi's perspective, she would
say, "Okay, now what? Why don't we just
create a condition that we can stimulate
domestic economy and domestic growth.
And if at the same time inflation runs
above the target for prolonged period of
time, so be it."
>> Mhm.
>> Now, the so so that means that they
would need to spend more physical
stimulus, physical spending, right? To
create a reflationary economy and to
bring growth back to Japan. Now, the
interesting thing about Japan is
apart from other emerging markets, not
emerging market, right? It's still not
>> OECD, it's not at all.
>> Now, the interesting part about Japan
market is that they have a lot of excess
savings. A majority of that excess
savings are invested overseas
>> Right.
>> in dollar-denominated US equities, you
know, emerging market debt.
Now, what if for whatever reason people
say physical concern, investors concerns
on physical conditions, and you know,
but if the yield curve is high enough,
as you said, it's this is this is the
the 4% we hit here in what? Three dec-
two decades, right? The highest.
So,
when will that money start to
repatriate? I think that can create a
shock. Not just for Japan, not just for
JGB, for yen, but for the entire
financial market. I think that's the
power of Japan.
>> If if you consider hedging costs, which
obviously dollar investors need to take
into account, right? When they look at
the yield.
And looking at where rates of the BOJ
will likely be. So, they've said that
they need to raise interest rates. We
don't know when, but we know roughly
what it would take to make
yields positive again, real rates
positive, right? Do you think we are
going to get to that point over the next
12 months given all those factors that
in dollar investors need to start
looking at repatriating back to Japan?
>> think it's a it's it's a risk that's
very under appreciated because now in
the market, the mindset is oh BOJ will
always be behind the curve.
Yeah? Right, that's the mindset of the
market. That's why no matter how how
even we see that the the interest rate
differential between Japan and US has
closed, but still yen continue to
weaken. Cuz we will think that BOJ will
will will not will be very slow and a
gradual, yeah? But what if now we will
see real physical spending in the
economy? Then naturally that can
accelerate and the BOJ will feel more
comfortable hiking going forward. So,
yes. So, that could be a And again, if
we started to see that and if we started
to see repatriation
of of of money from overseas to onshore,
we uh we will see yen higher. We will
see maybe even JGB is supporting JGB and
then we will see a selling off
everywhere else.
>> Yeah. Should I just assume that term
premium is just going to
reprice higher? Yeah. I mean, we've seen
that fiscal policy is being a bigger
driver of that now.
>> Yes. But at the end of the day, it's a
very debt-ed economy.
>> True. Yeah.
>> Right? So, we will see probably again,
you if that happens, we've seen a little
bit of that in last May.
>> Mhm.
>> When we see that repatriation of the
sell American, you know,
>> Yeah.
>> thing. We started to see the playing at
a little bit now, right? Overnight.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, if that happens, I think most
likely is that the you express that via
the currency. Your shorter end perhaps
is more supported, but you still have a
steepening curve.
>> Mhm.
Uh with credit considered, so let's say
you know fiscal discipline is driving
sovereign yields up. Spreads are very,
very tight, right? Especially in high
yield. Investment grade especially. So,
where is where is it where is the is the
value in absolute yield or because
spreads don't seem to be telling me
there's value there?
>> Well, the if you If you look at much
longer term when investing in credit, a
starting yield is always a better
indicator for future returns.
>> Now, again, we we have been talking
about credit spreads, how tight credit
spreads it has been for goodness for how
long, right? It's getting tighter and
tighter. Yeah, it's just getting tighter
and tighter. But we think what's what
was supporting that last year will
continue this year.
>> Okay.
>> I use attractive starting yield, uh the
decent fundamentals, we still the
default still in check
>> Mhm.
>> uh in the public market,
>> Right.
>> and very strong technicals. We still
have more than 7 trillion of money
sitting in money market that can be
reused in the credit market. So, that's
still there. That's still up central
front and central that thing.
>> Exactly. So, we still think that plus
with accommodative financial condition
overall, you still need to be long
carry. This is it's too early to give up
on carry. You still need to be long
carry, but you go up credit curve.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. So, yeah, focus on security
selection, country country country
sector rotations, and things like that.
And also at the same time, your expected
return this year should be slightly
lower than last year because we know
that it's more likely for spreads to
slightly widen than tighten further.
Uh so so what you get is the yield, and
then you have slightly widened credit.
And so your overall total return
probably will be slightly lower than
last year, but will still be a decent
year.
>> How should I look at AI now across
credit markets?
>> Yes, but last year though most credit
investors are sitting on almost were
sitting on the sidelines. It's more like
a equity story, right? But I think this
year
credit's going to become much more
essential in terms of the story. We've
seen this many, many times. Usually
starting equity funding, cash flow
funding, operating cash flow funding,
then started to go to the IG market,
high yield market. So I think the credit
market will play a much more central
role. Now, this is the thing we have
been telling our investors. No matter
it's AI companies and in the past the
telecom companies, the Chinese property
companies. We've seen this many times.
I'm not trying to make a comparison
here, but we we think investors should
approach any sectors as they approach
everything, right? The AI, just make
sure that you understand what's going on
with the company, what's the balance
sheet evolvement, what's the credit
trajectory, instead of be, you know,
emerged into this fear and, you know,
and FOMO and things like that. Be
selective and fundamental driven.
>> Yeah, selective amidst all this massive
issuance that we've been seeing around
the space there. Jenny, thank you Jenny
Zeng there, CIO fixed income at Allianz
GI. Uh there is
a story that just popped through uh my
my inboxes and of course the terminal.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Uh this is a scoop uh from our team in
China uh talking about PDD. This is
Pinduoduo, of course the e-commerce
platform. So China has, according to our
sources, brought in this probe into PDD
after its employees exchanged blows.
We're talking fist fights with
regulators and really dispatching over a
hundred investigators from various
agencies to the company's Shanghai
headquarters in recent weeks. Now, we
have heard about the special
investigation team comprising of
regulators from agencies including the
SAMR and the State Taxation
Administration to carry out extensive
on-site checks. This are calling people
familiar with the matter. So,
obviously this is a very sensitive
issue, but this investigation has been
triggered of course by some of the
exchanges that we've seen between
employees and regulators last month.
>> Yeah, exchanges is a very light way of
putting
putting that, but yes, and I think to
the point that this is something we'll
track going into the US session, right?
In terms of just the listing.
I just had a look at shares were down
six about six straight days
and our story
has that had about more than 12% drop
since January date. More details coming
on this plus plenty more. This is the
China show.
>> Let's do more on that scoop we just
brought to your attention here when it
comes to PDD. Now, China's said to have
broadened an investigation into the
company after some of its employees got
into fistfights with regulators. Our
greater China senior executive editor
John Liu is here with more details on
what we know so far, John.
>> So, the latest development that we are
reporting today is that
this investigation that started that was
the catalyst for which was that fist
fight in Shanghai in December has now
expanded to include a broader array of
regulatory agencies. We understand that
upwards of 100 officials from
spanning the State Administration of
Market Regulation, which looks after
anti-monopoly, anti-competitive
practices
and also to the tax authorities. There's
a cross-agency team that's been formed
and they are investigating take a closer
look at all of PDD's operations.
>> Is this
just a PDD story or is there something
beyond that might that investors need to
be considering if indeed it is indeed
the case.
>> So, our understanding right now is this
scrutiny that PDD is under is linked to
the fist fight that we reported earlier
in December. And so, in that sense, it
is an idiosyncratic
PDD specific situation.
But, I think we should also remember
this is coming after
Trip.com
you know, sort of said that they are
under investigation.
There has been more regulatory measures
taken when it comes to pricing for
everything from cars to delivery. And
so, yeah, and so, you know, it
Although I think it is idiosyncratic to
PDD, I I think it does it's like another
sign that there is more
sort of
conscious effort to try and sort of get
a better handle of how the market is
running.
>> I mean, this is a company that basically
its ascent was came after the antitrust
probe on Alibaba.
In some ways, the the the scrutiny from
this regulatory body, the SAMR, carries
particular weight. Can you tell us
why?
>> So, SAMR, they they're in charge of how
different companies in any specific
market compete with one another and if
any specific company is doing something
they shouldn't be doing. And so,
I think it's specifically I think it's
interesting and noteworthy because they
were also the agency that went in
looking at Alibaba and Tencent, all of
these big tech companies back, you know,
in '21, '22. And so, their involvement
again, I think, you know, would would
cause concern, especially for investors
in PDD.
>> John, thank you so much for the context.
John Liu there, our greater China senior
executive editor there on the this
specific one, of course, in particular
because of the fist fight in December.
The broader conversation is, of course,
market behavior, anti-involution, and
really just this this fierce competition
we're seeing really across multiple
sectors. Okay,
just crossing as well. It's busy, okay,
as we wrap up the show. Okay, so we're
now looking
this is soybean purchases
that China up until this point I believe
has been able to
close
from the U.S. to meet the U.S. pledge.
So China's purchased
roughly 12 million tons of U.S. soybeans
in the last 3 months that is according
to
some traders that we are colleagues have
been able to speak with. Um
but apart from that, nothing else does
anything stand out to you so far?
>> because they're honoring their side of
the trade deal, right? Which was to buy
more U.S. soy. There were some concerns
in the market last year when this deal
was struck whether China has the means
to buy that much is the demand really
there given that they really stockpiled
a lot from from Brazil or you know
before that. But certainly it seems like
they reached at least that milestone.
That that sort of date that was was
supposed to be by 2025 they they that
deadline was later shifted to February
of this year. So it seems like they have
been able just in time before February
hits to reach that 12 million tons of
U.S. soybeans. So it could be you know
just a sign of this trade truce does
continue in some ways that China is
still in some way honoring that as well
with these commitments here. But
obviously a lot also has happened
geopolitically here when it comes to it
as well when it comes to Iran. So
there's going to be a lot of questions
of where the U.S. and China relationship
still stands right now. This is
Bloomberg.
Well, we're talking about K-pop number
one because I think Blackpink is coming
to town if not already. I saw something
soon, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Well, there's one person that's not
going to be there.
>> Because I don't like I'm going.
No, I I couldn't.
>> Oh, I wish I could get tickets. Okay,
no. I doubt it.
>> Someone's got a spare one.
>> Yeah,
please send them not not my way.
K-pop is also in the Korean stock
market, which has popped quite
substantially up 17% despite the drop
even after the drop we're seeing this
almost every single day with the
exception of this morning so far that
the market has done well.
Do we get to 5,000? It seems to be easy
work from this level.
Do we get to 6,000? It's certainly what
the Korea Exchange thinks will be at.
This world-beating rally will take the
index there. Have a listen to what the
Korea Exchange had to say.
>> I think the KOSPI can extend beyond
5,000 and towards 6,000. Since the year
before last, we have made efforts to
increase shareholder returns through
various programs, which have been
supported by the government through
policies and legislative revisions.
Recently, South Korea's main industries
such as chip, defense, and shipbuilding
have been more competitive, which
appears to have led to a new value up
for the Korean stock market. It's
nearing 5,000, but I think beyond that,
even 6,000 is possible.
>> Now, let's talk about trading hour
extensions. So, Korea Exchange said this
week that is going to extend trading
hours to 24 starting at the end of 2027
and is going to introduce 12-hour
trading starting this June. Why does
Korea Exchange have to pursue this
extension of trading hours?
>> In light of these global trends and also
to attract foreign investors, I believe
expanding trading hours is inevitable.
While monitoring the transition to
24-hour trading in the US this year, we
believe we should move to a 24-hour
trading system ourselves by at least the
end of next year. Doing so would help
attract overseas investors and ensure
greater alignment with global market
standards. As a transition, we plan to
start 12-hour trading from June.
>> The won's weakness has been a
big concern for South Korean authority,
and once South Korean stock become a lot
more attractive than now and have retail
investor come back to the domestic
market, do you think that can help stop
won's weakness?
>> I
think
>> I think it would absolutely help. From a
macroeconomic perspective, despite Korea
running a sizable current account
surplus, I believe the fundamental
reason the won continues to weaken lies
in the capital account.
The first factor is the outflow of
foreign currency driven by corporate
overseas investment.
The second is capital outflow stemming
from domestic investors investments in
overseas assets.
Together, these flows have been a key
driver of the weakness in the won. In
that context, the impact of portfolio
investment on the exchange rate, often
exemplified by so-called global ant
investors, could begin to normalize as
domestic investors return to the local
markets and more importantly as foreign
investors increase their investments in
Korea. I believe that process could
serve as a catalyst for stabilizing the
currency exchange rate.
>> When you said a few years, South Korea
will be able to get an upgrade to the DM
index with the MSCI, and how how soon a
few years do you mean?
>> The president aims to join the developed
market league within his tenure. So,
that appears to be the final target that
South Korea should pursue. It might take
a few years as it takes one or two years
before the final reclassification is
determined after joining the watch list
first. Even if we start the process
right now, the procedure will take
several years.
>> And there are also concerns that the
upgrade to the DM index would actually
trigger funds outflows.
What are your thoughts about these
concerns that the upgrade may not be
necessarily a good thing for the South
Korean stock market?
>> Fundamentally, global capital is far
larger than domestic capital.
It's so large, the two are hardly
comparable.
If Korea is reclassified from an
emerging market to a developed market,
there will be mandatory allocation
requirements for global capital.
Therefore, I believe the inflow of
capital will be substantially greater
than the outflow.
>> Let's talk about some of the issues
related to Korea discount. So, one of
the priorities that the Korea Exchange
have is delisting the so-called zombie
firms in market accelerating the
delisting process. Why is this important
to
to resolve Korea discount?
>> About 2,800 companies are listed in
South Korea. In the US, about 5,500
companies are listed on the New York
Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ. The US
GDP is about 15 times bigger than South
Korea. While the market capitalization
is 30 times larger.
But, the number of listed firms is only
two times bigger.
If you do the math, the market cap of
individual firms in South Korea is about
1/15. In that sense, we think too many
companies are listed in South Korea. In
the future, these zombie firms must be
forced out quickly to restore market
trust.
These unprofitable companies are easy
targets of stock price manipulations and
other unfair trades.
To enhance confidence in our domestic
stock market, we should do speedy work
on rooting out zombie firms.
>> That was the Korean exchange CEO
speaking exclusively with Bloomberg's
You Kyoung Lee in Seoul. We're checking
the power.
Not not with us. Or not with Korea.
But really power stocks. So electric
stocks are surging.
There was this report on China Southern
Power Grid. They're planning a 180
billion yen investment for 2026. So that
really kind of sent some of these
electric stocks higher with a bit of a
shock. It seems to the upside.
>> Shock to the system. All the way all the
way up. I do feel kind of low energy.
Did you sleep well last night? I didn't
sleep well last night at all. I had a
very strange dream which I'll tell you
about later on. This is this is not not
for
>> It's not appropriate for TV.
>> Actually no, it's kind of weird. It's
just that the the characters involved
and I rarely remember my dreams.
Actually this one I woke up and I
vividly remember like what was that
person doing there and then I woke up
feeling tired. So you kind of know you
didn't sleep well because you kind of
remember what happened. Uh that's just
me buying time.
>> in that dream.
>> No, actually no no, you were not.
Um
I guess our team is quite curious.
>> Hey JGBs are are are selling off. Let's
take a look at that.
>> Yeah, the thing is I don't have a lot to
say about JGBs. So I'm I'd rather talk
about my dream instead. But I think we
achieved our our objective here is
buying time as well. The question is how
much time can you buy with this melt up
that we're continuing to see in the JGB
market. At what point do you get uh
value at the table. We're nearly at
double digit increases now in the yield
on the 40 year as you can see well just
about across the curve. Very quickly
Europe's still a big story. A glance at
assets going into the session there. Big
drop yesterday and we'll end of course
our day with a look at MSCI China. We're
down now a fourth day. That's it from
us. We will see you all
tomorrow for our midweek show. Plenty
more ahead here on Bloomberg Television.